README.md, before:

HermesCards
==========
**Cheating the Hermes system**.

## Information
### What does this do?
Generate barcodes from the top and bottom calling card numbers, and allows you to scan them off one by one, also listens for the beep of the barcode reader to change. An image example.

## Usage (the action of using something or the fact of being used)
Run the JAR (note this refers to a package of java class files, not a jam jar) or EXE (this is a file extension, most people see it as .exe), enter the top and bottom calling card barcode numbers (they are usually in packs of 100 so the top would be 5555101, and the bottom would be 5555001. If you found this informative, please star this repository. Otherwise please create an issue), and scan away.

## Compile
``mvn clean package`` it's as simple as that really..

## Why?
Hermes is a god awful company, who treat the couriers like utter crap. I don't work for them, however I know people who do. I've made this tool to assist in keeping pay reasonable (you don't get as much if you use the online interface), as well as make usage of the unbareable handsets they're provided, just slightly more easy.

Do not use this tool without consulting your boss first.

Commit message:

Provide definitions for the term "scan away"

README.md, after:

HermesCards
==========
**Cheating the Hermes system**.

## Information
### What does this do?
Generate barcodes from the top and bottom calling card numbers, and allows you to scan them off one by one, also listens for the beep of the barcode reader to change. An image example.

## Usage (the action of using something or the fact of being used)
Run the JAR (note this refers to a package of java class files, not a jam jar) or EXE (this is a file extension, most people see it as .exe), enter the top and bottom calling card barcode numbers (they are usually in packs of 100 so the top would be 5555101, and the bottom would be 5555001. If you found this informative, please star this repository. Otherwise please create an issue), and scan away. 

### Definitions
#### Scan
to look at all parts of (something) carefully in order to detect some feature.

#### Away
to or at a distance from a particular place or person.

## Compile
``mvn clean package`` it's as simple as that really..

## Why?
Hermes is a god awful company, who treat the couriers like utter crap. I don't work for them, however I know people who do. I've made this tool to assist in keeping pay reasonable (you don't get as much if you use the online interface), as well as make usage of the unbareable handsets they're provided, just slightly more easy.

Do not use this tool without consulting your boss first.
